Adds information about a bootstrapping bug in Juju (#47)
canonical/charmed-5g: docs/tutorial/01_bootstrap_juju.md

Bootstrap a Juju controller

```{note}

> If you have never had Juju installed on your machine before, prior to bootstrapping 
> a Juju controller, from your terminal, create directories required by Juju:
> mkdir -p /home/ubuntu/.local/share
> This is a workaround to [a Juju bug](https://bugs.launchpad.net/juju/+bug/1988355).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a [bug](https://bugs.launchpad.net/juju/+bug/1988355) in Juju that occurs when bootstrapping a controller on a new machine. If you encounter it, create the following directory:`mkdir -p /home/ubuntu/.local/share`.
```

And this comment should occur "after" the bootstrap in the sense that the user should do this only if the error has occured.

Author: :+1:
